docs(repo): added steps for getting rulesets (#2063)
stoplightio/spectral: docs/guides/2-cli.md

# Spectral CLI

[Once Spectral is installed](../getting-started/2-installation.md) and [you have a ruleset](../../README.md#installation-and-usage), run Spectral via the command-line:

```bash
spectral lint petstore.yaml
```

> You can specify a ruleset if you use something other than those provided by Stoplight:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a ruleset if your ruleset is placed outside of the current directory, or is named differently than .spectral.{json,yaml,js}
```

Reviewer: or
```suggestion
Use this command to lint with a custom ruleset or one that is located in a different directory than your API document:
```
which we already have in README
